[Music]
hey thirty we said eight o'clock get a
hug Robbie's got a paper but she's yet
to begin that type of just gotta start
writing at first
take care of our kids you got nothing to
worry about
is so weird the wind is blowing toward
the storm lightning doesn't strike twice
Robbie saw the lightning yeah 26 times
when Lincoln Avenue
[Music]
I'm taking you to the car
you're gonna want all crap but you're
not going to are you
[Music]
this dream
living in that direction
we've been planning this for a million
years these are all in her purse
they'll keep coming
and I'm gonna see mom again in my life I
know you will fight I know it seems I
can have to put your goat you
is not war
is an extermination
[Music]